The thing that most civilians don't realize that even in a combat zone
most of the military personnel are not assigned to weapons duty but
have other kinds of duties as a cryptologist. My day was broken up
into eight hours on watch using my linguistic capabilities to further
the effort, then on off duty time I had time to take care of my gear,
eat, sleep, and do maintenance on the trench line in defensive positions
around our particular area. On occasion, quite regularly actually
we would get hit by mortars and rockets at which point even if
you were on watch you went to the trench line in the special crew
took over your watch duties, while you may have that trench line in
case the attack was more than just rockets. When I was at CON TN and
we had people in the wire, that is trying to get into our compound,
one time but other than that it was pretty much just doing your technical
job and taking care review defensive position and taking care
of yourself